chore(curriculum): add colored markers to new cert (#56718)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-colored-markers/617b65579ce424bf5f02ca73.md

---
id: 617b65579ce424bf5f02ca73
title: Step 16
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> As you have learned in the lectures, there are two main color models: the <dfn>additive</dfn> RGB (red, green, blue) model used in electronic devices, and the <dfn>subtractive</dfn> CMYK (cyan, magenta, yellow, black) model used in print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you have learned in the lectures, there are two main color models: the <dfn>additive</dfn> RGB (red, green, blue) model, used in electronic devices, and the <dfn>subtractive</dfn> CMYK (cyan, magenta, yellow, black) model, used in print.
```

> In this project, you'll work with the RGB model. This means that colors begin as black, and change as different levels of red, green, and blue are introduced. An easy way to see this is with the CSS `rgb` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, you'll work with the RGB model. This means colors start as black and change as different levels of red, green, and blue are introduced. An easy way to see this is with the CSS `rgb` function.
```
